Adding wireless debugging information to the docs (#8456)
flutter/website: src/get-started/install/_ios-setup.md

you will also need the third-party CocoaPods dependency manager.

<ol markdown="1">
<li markdown="1">
<a name="connect"></a>
To set up physical device deployment in Xcode, 
connect your device to the USB port on your 

> computer. 

Reviewer: Fixed!

<li markdown="1">
<a name="wireless"></a>
[Optional] To leverage wireless debugging, ensure that 
your device is on the same network as your computer 

> and that the device has a set passcode.  

Reviewer: Fixed! But I put it lower on line 117 
https://github.com/flutter/website/blob/88d4eb62b01cb26e4da03ccb2c0ea03c3a90d6e7/src/get-started/install/_ios-setup.md?plain=1#L116-L117

you will also need the third-party CocoaPods dependency manager.

<ol markdown="1">
<li markdown="1">
<a name="connect"></a>
To set up physical device deployment in Xcode, 
connect your device to the USB port on your 
computer. 
</li>
<li markdown="1">
<a name="wireless"></a>
[Optional] To leverage wireless debugging, ensure that 
your device is on the same network as your computer 
and that the device has a set passcode.  

While the device is attached, open **Xcode > Window > Devices and Simulators**. 
Select your phone, and check **Connect via Network.** 

> Checkout [Apple's documentation on pairing a wireless device with Xcode] for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, check out 
[Apple's documentation on pairing a wireless device with Xcode][].
```

you will also need the third-party CocoaPods dependency manager.

<ol markdown="1">
<li markdown="1">
<a name="connect"></a>
To set up physical device deployment in Xcode, 
connect your device to the USB port on your 
computer. 
</li>
<li markdown="1">
<a name="wireless"></a>
[Optional] To leverage wireless debugging, ensure that 
your device is on the same network as your computer 
and that the device has a set passcode.  

While the device is attached, open **Xcode > Window > Devices and Simulators**. 
Select your phone, and check **Connect via Network.**

> <img src="/assets/images/docs/setup/connect-wireless.png" alt="Check the box that says 'connect via network' from the devices and simulators page">

Reviewer 3: Can we link to https://help.apple.com/xcode/mac/9.0/index.html?localePath=en.lproj#/devbc48d1bad instead of maintaining our own screenshot we need to update when this UI changes?

Author: Sure

Once the network icon appears next to the device name, 
you can unplug your device from USB. 

Sometimes it takes longer to find network devices. 
If you don't see your device listed when using `flutter run`, 

> try extending the timeout: `flutter run --device-timeout 10`.

Reviewer 3: Does this also need instructions for the IDE plugins?

Reviewer: No, the IDEs should not need any custom flags. Since it uses a combination of `xcdevice list` and `xcdevice observe` to determine if the device is connected (from this PR https://github.com/flutter/flutter/pull/123716), it's not limited by the timeout on `xcdevice list` when discovering for the device list in the IDE. And then when it executes a flutter command, it'll wait for the device to connect (from this PR https://github.com/flutter/flutter/pull/122932) if the device is specified from the IDE, so again wouldn't be limited by the timeout on `xcdevice list`.

Reviewer 3: That's what I thought, just checking 🙂

For additional help troubleshooting, 

> check out [Apple's Developer Forums][]. For setting up 

Reviewer 3: Linking to the top level forums is probably not very helpful, though I do appreciate that it's implying you need to get it working through Xcode before it will work with Flutter.

Author: Do you have a different link you think would be better? Or just remove

[Xcode account add]: {{site.url}}/assets/images/docs/setup/xcode-account.png
[Apple Silicon Mac]: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT211814
[Developer Mode]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/enabling-developer-mode-on-a-device
[Apple's Developer Forums]: {{site.apple-dev}}/forums/
[Debugging your add-to-app module]: {{site.url}}/development/add-to-app/debugging/#wireless-debugging

> [Wireless Connect]: {{site.url}}/assets/images/docs/setup/wireless-connect.png

Author: Ahh okay sorry! I was trying to match how the existing images were added, but I will just add the image directly without a link!
